[Christmas music]
♪ ♪
- I say there, boy.
What time is it?
- Why, sir, it's 4:20.
- Nice.
[techno music]
♪ ♪
[phone ringing]
- Happy Holidays.
This is TripTank.
- Hello, Steven. It's your mama.
- Oh. Hey, Mom.
- I just wanted to say that I am
so so sorry for what happened.
- I'd really rather not
get into it.
- But you know
it's not my fault.
When you see your father's sock
on the bathroom door handle,
that means
don't come in!
Ocupado! People getting freaky
in the bathroom.
I-I know,
I-I shouldn't have come in.
- Your mother and your father
are human beings, Steve.
Sex is only natural.
Even when it's unnatural
your mama's got to have it.
- Oh, TMI, Mom.
- You may not know this,
but your father is insatiable.
He might be all business
in the boardroom,
but he is a freak
in the sheets.
- Oh, God, no.
Make it stop.
- Just thinking about
your father's sexual appetite
is making my nipples hard.
Ooh, that reminds me,
it's getting chilly at night,
so make sure you wear
a coat.
Mama don't want you
catching cold.
- Can we please
get off the phone now?
- Ha! Bye, baby.
Oh, God, my family is such
a pain in the ass.
Good news is,
I got the stain out.
- What the hell's going on
over there?
- Gary threw a holiday party
and he didn't invite us?
- What a prick!
- Yeah!
Why didn't we get to go
to his lame-ass party?
- Well, it's for
his lupus support group, so...
- Here we go again
with Gary and his lupus.
Always lording it
over us.
- Oh, look at me,
I got lupus.
I'm so special,
let's throw a party.
- I know what we have to do.
- Yeah, we got to get lupus.
- No, Matt!
We gotta get revenge.
- Exactly what I was thinking.
- And this time,
we do it prank-style.
- Oh!
I've got it!
Ultimate revenge in
three, two...
[doorbell rings]
- Hot soup coming through.
- What's going on here?
I didn't order any catering.
- Don't worry about it.
It's a gift from
your ex-wife or something.
- Well, that's surprising.
Last time we spoke,
Barbara said
some pretty hurtful things.
- Yeah, whatever, dummy.
We'll be in the kitchen
making food and shit.
- Well, that sounds wonderful.
- Wonderful, my shrimp-fingers
are curing nicely.
Andy, Dana, where are we
on the mini quich-aridas?
Come on, guys! Get these canapes
out on the floor.
- Yes, Chef.
- Right away, Chef.
- Ah, damn it.
My hollandaise is breaking.
- So when Donnie gets out of
school for the holiday break,
I think I'm finally
going to take him snow shoeing.
- Boring!
Who would like
some delicious shrimp fingers?
- Don't mind if I--
- Not so fast, big boy.
There ain't nothing shrimpy
about your fat fingers.
This lady knows what
I'm talking about.
- Hey, who decorated
this dump?
You know, old, uh,
what's her name.
Uh, shit, what was her name?
Damn it!
- Who wants farm-to-table
porkrolls?
- I do.
- Oh, not you, porky.
Oinky oinky oink!
Up top!
- Helen Keller.
Helen Keller's the idiot
who decorated this place.
- Soup's up.
[clinking glass]
- Excuse me, everybody.
I just want to say it's great
that you all
could make it today--
- Here is a special
bowl of soup
I poured just for you, Gary.
- Uh, okay.
Now where was I?
Oh, yes,
okay first of all
I am happy
to be celebrating
five years of flare-free
lupus living.
- Try the soup!
- Okay, in just a moment.
- Eat the soup, jerk!
- Fine, okay.
I guess I'll try
some of the soup.
[slurping]
Mmm. It's very good.
I'd like to thank all of you
for coming and I know...
- Matt, what the hell?
I thought you were going
to ruin his soup.
- I did!
It's completely under-salted.
- I gotta be honest, dude.
That's kind of a soft prank.
- Oh, well,
I also put a shitload
of castor oil
in the bowl.
- What the hell is castor oil
gonna do?
- I'd like to give
a hearty thank you to--
BLAGHH!
- Enjoy the soup, Gary?
- What?
- It's us, you moron.
- Dana, Andy, Matt?
What is this?
- Just your classic
dress up like caterers,
serve a guy
slightly under-salted soup
spiked with castor oil,
right before he gives a speech
at his five year flare-free
lupus anniversary party
so he pukes all over the table
revenge prank.
- Suck it, Gary!
Whoo!
- Wow.
Another great prank.
- And a great bowl of soup.
I don't think it's
under-salted at all.
- Well, that's because you have
the palate of a five-year-old.
[Christmas techno music]
♪ ♪
[mouse squeaking]
[gunshot]
- Not a creature was stirring,
not even a mouse.
- Do they even like
potato salad?
Oh, I should have
just brought flowers.
Or maybe mini-muffins.
Darn it!
Why didn't I think of that?
- Honey, relax.
Okay?
Everyone likes potato salad,
and everyone loves you.
And I'm sure my parents
will, too.
- I hope so.
- Um, just one thing
I do want to, uh...
[chuckles]
I do want to tell you
in advance.
- Okay.
- And you know what?
you might not even notice,
but, uh...
[doorbell rings]
My parents are Juggalos.
- Wait, what?
- Whoop whoop.
- Oh!
- Hey!
Whoop whoop, Mom.
- Whoop whoop.
- Hi, Dad.
- So,
this is the new
cotton candy.
- Oh.
What a pleasant surprise.
- Yeah.
Uh, Mom, Dad,
this is Stacy.
- Hi, I'm Stacy.
I brought some potato salad.
- Oh, ho, clown love.
- Yeah, mad mother[bleep]
clown love.
- Hope I don't nurdle
in my drawers.
[both laughing]
- Craig, what is happening?
- Well, don't be Richies,
come on in.
- Oh, thank you.
Coming right on in
to this interesting place.
[chuckles]
So I'm finishing
my residency.
It's my last day,
and I never do this,
but I finally
work up the nerve
to walk up to
the cute internist
I've been seeing around
and I say...
both: Do you like Fro-yo?
[both laughing]
- Well, that's fresh.
- Mad fresh.
- So Craig said you guys
have been doing some traveling?
- Just got back
from the Gathering.
- Uh, pardon?
- Gathering of the Juggalos.
Four days of celebrating
the Dark Carnival.
- Oh, yes, of course.
Um, how was it?
- Oh, yeah, Stacy, it was a trip
on the wagon to Shangri-La.
It really was.
- Huh.
- We met some of the most
pimp ass ninjas around.
I mean some real
murder clowns.
- Yeah, and you know
who we saw there, Craig?
The Homie Dead
Cyrus Tha Killa.
And he sends
much clown love.
- Oh, how is Dead Cyrus?
Dead Cyrus Tha Killa
is my godfather.
- Oh, fantastic.
- Oh, Dead Cyrus
is pretty stale.
- Oh, no,
I'm sorry to hear that.
What's up?
- Yeah.
He was having pain in
his popsicle
when he tried to Nutt,
and the doctor told him
he had cancer
in his nizzos.
- Oh, no.
- Oh, TMI.
- Yeah, unfortunately,
it spread to his nugbone
and then to
his bowling ball.
- Is--is he pursuing
a course of treatment?
- Oh, yeah.
He's smoking a lot of mad trees
and he's swimming a lot.
- He swam in Hep Lake.
- [chuckles]
Whoop whoop.
Yeah, in Hepatitis Lake.
20 laps a day.
- He actually looks phat,
despite the circumstances.
- Good. If he needs a referral
for an oncologist...
- Well, anyway,
enough of that voodoo.
Stacy, is, uh,
your set from New England?
- My set?
- Your family.
- Oh, yeah.
My dad is a dentist.
- I bet he stays
fixing crunked grilles, huh?
- I-I think so.
Um, but my mom
is a veterinarian.
- Oh. And are your folks
down with the clown?
- I don't think that they are.
No.
- Well, forks up, forks down.
Mad wicked clown love
for all.
- Oh!
Although kind of a funny story,
My parents actually met
at a Grateful Dead show.
So I guess it's safe
to call the Deadheads.
[chuckles]
- That's [bleep] disgusting.
- You need to get
the [bleep] out of our house.
[Christmas techno music]
♪ ♪
- Wake up!
On the truck.
Out!
[muffled screaming]
[Christmas techno music]
♪ ♪
- [whistling]
Uh-huh.
Right.
Oh, I see.
- What are you doing, Roy?
- Oh, this?
I'm learning French.
I got me those new
Bezoar Stone CDs
from my Secret Santa.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, check it out.
[speaking French]
[phone ringing]
- Allo, TripTank.
- Hey, hey, buddy.
- Hi, Uncle Ben.
- Yeah, it's your favorite
uncle, Uncle Ben.
- I know. Hi.
Do you need something?
- No, buddy, no.
I don't need a...
Can't your favorite uncle
call you out of the blue
just to say "hey"?
- Yeah, I-I guess you could.
I'm s--
- While I got you
on the phone, buddy,
I need a teensy
little favor.
I need to borrow the password
for your Gmail account.
And also,
when you get a second, buddy,
could you swing by my place
and walk my dogs?
Just be seen in public
with my dogs.
I need to borrow
your car,
a set of your clothes too.
Just something you wear
all the time, buddy.
No big deal.
And then later today,
I will potentially
need two,
or perhaps three pints
of your blood.
That's no big deal,
right, buddy?
And could I borrow
$347 please, buddy?
- I can't do all that stuff.
I have a job.
- You're right. Better make it
an even four hundo.
How about this?
You give me three pints
of blood, 400 cash,
and we'll call it even.
That sound good?
- Ugh.
- Is there also any chance
you own a gun, buddy?
[quacking]
[snorting]
[phone chiming]
- Hey. Time for Versus.
- Versus.
[sniper rifle firing]
- [gurgling]
[gurgling]
- [snarling]
[all snarling]
[sniffing]
- [laughing]
[laughing]
[panting]
[grunting]
[all howling]
[mumbling]
[curious grunting]
- [whimpering]
- [sad grunting]
[ravenous grunting]
[grunting]
[sniffing]
[glass shattering]
[grunting]
[chuckles]
I use fork!
Da, da, da, da.
[chuckles]
- Um...
- [chuckles]
Love me now?
[applause]
- [howling]
- Do you, Wolf Man,
take Nancy?
- I do.
Wolf Man love Nancy.
- [grunting]
- Wolf son!
[chuckles]
- Have a good day
at work, Daddy.
- [howling]
- [clicking]
[Christmas music]
[glass shattering]
- Oh.
Honey?
[gasps]
Oh.
Honey?
- [grunting]
[grunting]
- Oh, God!
Oh, my God!
Oh, Nancy!
I-I--look, it's not--ah!
Aww, [bleep] it.
[howling]
Ahem.
[chuckles]
- Winner...
Not Nancy.
- [groaning]
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, ah.
[laughing]
Oh.
- [grunting]
- [laughing]
- Oh!
- [mumbling]
- Hmm.
[phone trilling]
[phone ringing]
- Hm?
[tires screeching]
- Huh?
- Dum-de-dum-dum
- [gulps]
- [grunts]
- [whimpers]
- [grunting]
- Uh...
[tires screeching]
- Oh, hey, Emily.
Listen, I'll call you
about the dry--
BLAGHH!
- That's guy's still
going at it.
How much castor oil
did you give him?
- I don't know.
All of it?
- Thanks for driving
all the way from--
BLAGHH--akersfield.
- God, he's in
pretty bad shape.
We should get him
a glass of water
or ginger ale
or something.
- You know what?
That's a good idea.
Hey, Gary,
we brought you some water.
- Oh, wow.
Thanks, guys.
- Ah!
- Suck it, Gary! Whoo!
- Actually, that water feels
pretty refreshing on my--BLAGHH!
[phone ringing]
- This is TripTank.
- Will you accept
a phone call from an inmate
at Hollywood County Jail?
- Ugh.
Yes, I accept.
- Hey, Steve,
it's your sister.
- Hey, Lindsey.
- Oh, here we go again!
Mighty Steve
from up on high,
gracing us
with his presence.
- You called me.
- Yeah.
I need you to pick me up
from jail again, dude.
Come on.
- What happened this time?
- We all know
you're the better twin, Steve.
You're the one
with the job.
You've still got
all your toenails.
You never set
Dad's Camaro on fire.
You don't eat
your own hair.
You graduated
from DeVry.
Stop holding it
over me.
- No, no, Lindsey.
I'm--I'm on my way, okay?
Just tell me where--
- Forget it, Steve. I'll just
pay my late car registration
and they'll let me out.
Sorry to have bothered you,
asshole.
I'll let you get back to
your big, fancy corporate job,
you sellout.
[phone slams down]
[sleigh bells ringing]
- I usually take a couple of
weeks off this time of year.
You know,
recharge the old batteries.
- Oh. Why did I eat
all that bisque?
- Because it was
crazy good.
- Yeah, and we couldn't
let those leftovers
go to waste,
right?
- Wait a minute.
Is this Gary's bisque?
- Yeah, why?
- Oh!
Because I peed
in Gary's bisque.
- I peed in
Gary's bisque too.
- So did I.
- I can't believe
that asshole Gary
made us eat our own pee.
- What a sicko!
- I hate him so much!
- Gary, you have won the battle,
my friend.
But I assure you, you will lose
the "it" sucking war.
Big time!
all: Suck it! Suck it!
Suck it! Suck it!
- [coughs]
- Whoa.
What's going on here?
- Ugh.
It's just my family.
They drive me crazy
during the holidays.
They just keep on calling me
and asking me to do all these--
Ow!
What the hell?
Oh, shit. I thought that was
a spider on your neck.
It's just
a weird looking mole.
Now what were you
yammering about?
[phone ringing]
- Ugh.
Nothing.
TripTank, this is Steve.
- Hey, buddy, how's it going?
It's your dad.
Uh, I actually have
a small issue with this laptop.
You know, your Uncle Ben sent me
one of those email links.
And once that I saw
it was pornography,
I immediately closed it,
of course.
- Yeah, sure.
Whatever, Dad.
- Anyways, I just need to clear
the browser history
before I give this computer
back to you sister.
So, uh, where do I click?
- Just click on the top
where it says "history."
- Okay, I'm--I'm looking at
the history now.
It says
"Super Teen Swallow Contest."
- Oh, my God.
- I'll clear that.
"Nurse Takes All Comers."
Clear.
"Lolly Lickers,"
"Lolly Suckers,"
"Lolly Gaggers."
All clear.
- You know you can just hit
"erase all."
- "Thoroughbreds Ridden Hard."
I think that one's just
an equestrian blog,
so let me double check.
Whoa!
Whoa, no, that one should be
cleared too.
[chuckles]
I mean, there were
horses involved, but...
- This is the worst
day of my life.
- Right. Here's one called
"Too Many Fingers."
Now, if I'm not ready to delete
one of these immediately,
is there, like,
a delete later button or...
[Christmas techno music]
♪ ♪
- Ho, ho, ho.
[humming "Deck the Halls"]
Oh, Jesus Christ!
Not now!
[both gasping]
Jimmy, Bobby,
get down here. Please!
- What's wrong, Santa?
- Di...a...be...tic
shock.
- What--what--what does--
- Reach into my pocket.
[gasping]
Other pocket.
Jam it in Santa's chest.
[gasping]
- What?
- What's the holdup, Claus?
We got--
Oh, shit, not again.
- Oh, my God.
Are you--
- Prancer.
Yeah, that's right.
It's me, Prancer.
Everybody's favorite
[bleep] reindeer, right?
And this is Santa Claus.
And unless you jam
that insulin needle
into his fat
[bleep] chest,
Christmas is canceled.
Forever.
Oh, shit.
we're losing him.
Kid, come on!
I'd do it myself,
but I have hooves.
- But--but--
- "But--but--but,"
but nothing! Do it!
- Do it, Jimmy.
Save Christmas!
- Fine!
Okay!
Here...we...go!
- Whoa!
- Yes! There we go.
- Jesus.
Thank you, boys.
Merry Christmas...I guess.
You were very nice this year.
Not naughty.
Ho, ho, ho, ho
- No more cookies, dude.
Seriously.
- I know, I know.
- Oh, do you, you fat [bleep].
- [sobbing]
- You know, I learned
something today, Steve.
- What's that, Roy?
- French, you dipshit.
Didn't you see me
walking around
with these damn headphones
on all day?
- Oh, right.
- But actually,
I learned that
during the holidays,
there's nothing more important
than family.
Because no matter what,
they've always got
your back.
- You know, Roy, you're right.
I guess I am pretty lucky.
I mean, my mom did make me
this sweet ass jacket.
- Asshole!
- Gah!
- That your sister?
- Yeah.
Hmm.
She got a fella?
[Christmas techno music]
♪ ♪
Happy holidays from TripTank!
Ooh!
[slow Christmas music]
- ♪ I see the ♪
♪ Snowflakes fall ♪
♪ Young children-- ♪
- Ah!